SHINCHAN
1.Metacritic : Summary: Shin-Chan is FUNimation's version of the popular yet controversial Japanese anime series. Shin is a 5-year-old boy who is constantly doing and saying inappropriate things, with hilarious results,  much  to the dismay and annoyance of those around him. Shin, along with his family, his friends from kindergarten, and some annoying neighbors, ends up turning every day situations into funny adventures. Unsure how the show  would be initially received, it debuted in late August 2006 on Adult Swim as a test run of six episodes composed of vignettes that were mixed and matched spanning the show's 14 year history. The test run proved to be a  success and a complete first season was ordered. FUNimation has made the episodes more mature in content as well as more current with numerous pop culture references.
 Genre(s): Comedy, Animation, Action & Adventure
2.common sense media :
 Anime series about 5 year old who isn't so innocent.
 rating: 3/5
POKEMON
1.IMDb
 rating: 7.4/10
 Follows the adventure of Satoshi with his Pokemon, Pikachu and his friends to become the Pokemon master.
 Creators: Junichi Masuda, Ken Sugimori, Satoshi Tajiri 
2.Common Sense Media
 rating: 3/5
WHAT'S THE STORY?
 The Japanese anime series POKÉMON follows the adventures of Ash, his friends, and their group of cute and highly skilled monster-like creatures that battle in tournaments on their behalf.
 Ash travels throughout remote,    mysterious lands and works hard to become a highly skilled Pokémon trainer. Throughout his journey he meets old pals, makes new friends, and works with his Pokémon to help them use their different powers to fight   when  summoned. Ash and his friends must also face Team Rocket, whose mission is to steal all Pokémon in a quest for global domination.
The Tom and Jerry Show
 Synopsis:
 Tom, a house cat, continues to pursue his never-ending quest of nabbing down the notorious mouse, Jerry.A fun and enjoyable show liked by all ages.
 Director      : Darrell Van Citters
 Networks      : Cartoon Network, Boomerang, Teletoon
 Program creators : Hanna-Barbera, Bob Jaques
 1.IMDb:
	Critic's Ratings:7/10
 2.TV.com:
	Critic's Ratings : 6.4
 3.Avg. Users' Rating : 4.6/5