SHINCHAN
1.Metacritic : Summary: Shin-Chan is FUNimation's version of the popular yet controversial Japanese anime series. Shin is a 5-year-old boy who is constantly doing and saying inappropriate things, with hilarious results,  much  to the dismay and annoyance of those around him. Shin, along with his family, his friends from kindergarten, and some annoying neighbors, ends up turning every day situations into funny adventures. Unsure how the show  would be initially received, it debuted in late August 2006 on Adult Swim as a test run of six episodes composed of vignettes that were mixed and matched spanning the show's 14 year history. The test run proved to be a  success and a complete first season was ordered. FUNimation has made the episodes more mature in content as well as more current with numerous pop culture references.
 Genre(s): Comedy, Animation, Action & Adventure
2.common sense media :
 Anime series about 5 year old who isn't so innocent.
 rating: 3/5

POKEMON
1.IMDb
 rating: 7.4/10
 Follows the adventure of Satoshi with his Pokemon, Pikachu and his friends to become the Pokemon master.
 Creators: Junichi Masuda, Ken Sugimori, Satoshi Tajiri 
2.Common Sense Media
 rating: 3/5
 WHAT'S THE STORY?
 The Japanese anime series POKÉMON follows the adventures of Ash, his friends, and their group of cute and highly skilled monster-like creatures that battle in tournaments on their behalf. Ash travels throughout remote,    mysterious lands and works hard to become a highly skilled Pokémon trainer. Throughout his journey he meets old pals, makes new friends, and works with his Pokémon to help them use their different powers to fight   when  summoned. Ash and his friends must also face Team Rocket, whose mission is to steal all Pokémon in a quest for global domination.

TELUGU MOVIES :
24
1.IMDb :
 A scientist invents a time machine, which leads to a bitter battle between his evil twin brother and his son.
Director: Vikram K. Kumar
Writer: Vikram K. Kumar
Stars: Suriya, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Nithya Menon
rating : 7.9/10
2.TOI
 Critic's Rating: 3.5/5
 Avg users' rating : 3.7/5
 Synopsis: It has been a while since we had a film which had twists and double twists that were genuinely surprising and in 24, we are kept slightly off-guard as to what might happen when a character does something.

ROBOT
1.TOI
 Critic's Rating: 4/5
  Avg users' rating :3.7/5
 Synopsis: If you want to see what mainstream Indian cinema actually means, go, watch Robot.
2.IMDb:
 rating: 7.1/10
 Dr. Vasi, a brilliant scientist, builds Chitti, a unique robot, who is programmed to protect mankind and also feel human emotions. Problems arise when Chitti falls in love with Dr. Vasi's girlfriend.
 Director: S. Shankar (as Shankar)
 Writers: Madhan Karky (dialogue), Swanand Kirkire (hindi dialogue) 
 Rajinikanth, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Danny Denzongpa

BHAAGAMATHIE
1.IMDb:
 rating: 7.1/10
 IAS officer Chanchala Reddy is imprisoned in a haunted house, while she is interrogated by law enforcers investigating a politician they suspect of corruption.
 Directors: Ashok G. (as Ashok), Ashok G.
 Writer: Ashok G. (as Ashok)
 Stars: Anushka Shetty, Asha Sharath, Surekha Vani 
2.TOI
 Avg. Users' Rating: 3.3/5
 Critic's Rating: 3/5
 Synopsis: To dig up some dirt on a minister who is Mr Clean, a CBI officer goes after his imprisoned personal secretary. They transfer her to a dilapidated palace, which is believed to be haunted by the ghost of a cruel  queen, and things take an eerie turn.

RAJU GARI GADHI
1.IMDb
 rating: 4.9/10
 There is a haunted house in Nandigama. Dead bodies of 34 people resurface in house's well over a period of time. A TV channel plans to host a reality show in that haunted house.
 Director: Omkar
 Writer: Omkar
 Stars: Ashwin Babu, Dhanya Balakrishna, Chethan Cheenu 
2.TOI
 Critic's Rating: 3/5
 Avg. Users' Rating: 3.1/5
 Synopsis : On the whole, the first half keeps you hooked. And that’s precisely why the second half leaves you a tad disappointed.

PELLI CHOOPULU
1.IMDb
 rating : 8.4/10
 This is an urban rom-com in a modern setting where tradition still has a strong hold. The story starts with the "pellichoopulu" or arranged meeting of Prashanth (Vijay Deverakonda) and Chitra (Ritu Varma). Check their   journey out in #pellichoopulu
 Director: Tharun Bhascker Dhaassyam
 Writers: Tharun Bhascker Dhaassyam (as Tharun Bhascker), Rahul Ramakrishna (lyricist)
 Stars: Vijay Deverakonda,Ritu Varma
2.TOI
 Synopsis: Yes, it's inevitable that they'd fall in love eventually but that's not even the point here. This film is a lot more.
 Critic's Rating: 4/5
 Avg. Users' Rating:4.2/5
 
KICK
1.IMDb
 rating:7.8/10
 An adrenaline junkie's quest for kicks leads him to a life of crime.
 Director: Surrender Reddy (as Reddy Surender)
 Writers: Abburi Ravi (dialogue), Surrender Reddy (screenplay) (as Reddy Surender)
 Stars: Ravi Teja, Ileana D'Cruz, Shaam
2.TOI
 synopsis :If you can leave your thinking cap aand overlook double entendres, then you can enjoy this fun movie. 
 Critic's Rating: 3/5
 Avg. Users' Rating :3.6/5

HOLLYWOOD MOVIES
DUNKIRK
1.IMDb
  rating: 8/10
 Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire and France are surrounded by the German Army, and evacuated during a fierce battle in World War II.
 Director: Christopher Nolan
 Writer: Christopher Nolan
 Stars: Fionn Whitehead, Barry Keoghan, Mark Rylance
2.METASCORE : 94
3.ROTTEN TOMATOES
 TOMATOMETER : 92%

xXx: Return of Xander Cage 
1.IMDb
 rating : 5.2/10
 Xander Cage is left for dead after an incident, though he secretly returns to action for a new, tough assignment with his handler Augustus Gibbons.
 Director: D.J. Caruso
 Writers: Rich Wilkes (based on characters created by), F. Scott Frazier
 Stars: Vin Diesel, Donnie Yen, Deepika Padukone
2.ROTTEN TOMATOES
 TOMATOMETER : 45%
3.METASCORE :42

RUSH HOUR
1.IMDb
 rating : 7/10
 A loyal and dedicated Hong Kong inspector teams up with a reckless and loudmouthed LAPD detective to rescue the Chinese Consul's kidnapped daughter, while trying to arrest a dangerous crime lord along the way.
 Director: Brett Ratner
 Writers: Ross LaManna (story), Jim Kouf (screenplay) | 1 more credit »
 Stars: Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker, Ken Leung
2.METASCORE :60
3.ROTTEN TOMATOES
 TOMATOMETER : 60%

THE HANGOVER
1.IMDb
rating : 7.7/10
 Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding.
 Director: Todd Phillips
 Writers: Jon Lucas, Scott Moore
 Stars: Zach Galifianakis, Bradley Cooper, Justin Bartha 
2.ROTTEN TOMATOES
 TOMATOMETER : 79%
3.METASCORE :73





