BIGBOSS
It is a reality show adopted from Dutch Big Brother , where the housemates live in the reason constructed house and are detached from the world outside and also relaxation of area.They are given a series of task to perform and it is about surviving in those condition with different people. 
	
	Presented by  : Nani(2) , jr.NTR (1)
	Produced by   : EndemolShine India
	Mouthshut :3.5/5
	IMDB  :5/10
	User ratings  : 6.2/10
DHEE
An ultimate dance competition that paves a way to both choreographer and the participant to carve a niche in the industry through their art and dance.
	Produced by  : Mallemalla productions
	Directed by  : Multiple production houses
	Presented by : Udaya Bhanu , Pradeep machiraju and others
	Judgying panel : Prabhu Deva , Rambha , Master Shekhar , Sadha
	TOI : 4.3/5
	User ratings :7.1/10
MEE LO EVARU KOTESHWARUDU
Contestants participate in a quiz wherein they answer various questions based on general topics in order to win the grand prize.
	Presented by : Akkineni Nagarjuna (Season 1 - 3) , Chiranjeevi (Season 4)
	Produced by : big synergy(s)
	IMBD  :7.7/10
	TV.com : 4/5
	User ratings : 8.5/10
CID
An Indian police procedural investigation series mainly foucsing on Maharastra and Mumbai crimes .The series is an investigative series consisting of criminal cases solved by crime inestigating deprtment. 
The cast also interact with their young fans and share their experiences and memories attached to the show.
	Producer(s) : B. P. Singh , Pradeep Uppoor
	Cast : Shivaji Satam , Aditya Srivastav , Dayanand Shetty , Ansha Syed , Dinesh Phadnis and many
	Creative director(s)	: Christabelle D'souza
	IMBD : 6.6/10
	TV.com :3.5/5
	User ratings : 7.6/10
Sacred Games
 When police officer Sartaj Singh receives an anonymous tip about the location of criminal overlord Ganesh Gaitonde, he embarks on a chase around Mumbai in what becomes a dangerous cat-and-mouse game.
 Amidst the chaos, trappings of a corrupt underworld are revealed.After being removed from the Gaitonde case, Singh begins his own investigation as he works to save Mumbai from impending doom. Flashbacks
 reveal some of the crimes that Gaitonde has committed through the years.
	Directors : Anurag Kashyap, Vikramaditya Motwane
	Written by : Varun Grover, Smita Singh, Vasant Nath
	Cast  : Saif Ali Khan , Nawazuddin Siddiqui , Radhika Apte 
	IMDB : 9.1/10
	Rotten Tomatoes : 9/10
	User ratings : 9.7/10
Koun Banega Crorepati
Contestants from different corners of India get a chance to win the grand prize by answering several questions based on their knowledge of general topics.
	Presented by: Amitabh Bachchan (1-2, 4-10), Shahrukh Khan (3)
	Directed by : Arun Sheshkumar
	Production company(s) : Big Synergy Productions
	IMBD : 8.5/10
	TV.com :4/5
	User ratings : 9.3/10
F.R.I.E.N.D.S
Follow the lives of six reckless adults living in Manhattan, as they indulge in adventures which make their lives both troublesome and happening.
	Created by : David Crane , Marta Kauffman
	Production company(s) : Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions
	Starring : Jennifer Aniston , Courteney Cox , Lisa Kudrow , Matt LeBlanc , Matthew Perry , David Schwimmer
	9/10IMDb  :9/10
	Metacritic  :5.9/10
	TV.com  :9.2/10
House of Cards
Frank Underwood is a Democrat appointed as the secretary of state. Along with his wife,he sets out on a quest to seek revenge on the people who betrayed him while successfully rising to supremacy.
	Writers : Beau Willimon, Michael Dobbs, Andrew Davies and many
	Cast : Kevin Sapcey , Robin Wright etc
	Production company(s) : Media Rights Capital , Trigger Street Productions , Wade/Thomas Productions
	IMDb : 9/10
	Rotten Tomatoes : 8/10
	TV.com : 8.3/10
	User ratings : 9.3/10
Suits
Mike Ross, a talented young college dropout, is hired as an associate by Harvey Specter, one of New York's best lawyers.They must handle cases while keeping Mike's qualifications a secret.
	Created by : Aaron Korsh
	producer(s) : Dave Bartis
	Cast : Meghan Markle, Patrick Adams , Gabriel Macht etc
	IMDB : 8.7/10
	Rotten Tomatoes : 9.1/10
	TV.com : 8.5/10
	User ratings : 9.6/10

