OPEN HEART WITH RK
Vemuri Radhakrishna, a well-known journalist, presents his candid interactions with popular personalities and talks about their opinions on various issues.
	Presented by	:Vemuri Ramakrishna
	Presented on 	:ABN News
	Times of India	:4/5
	Users reviews	:7.6/10
No.1 YAARI
Rana Daggubati's celebrity talk show No.1 Yaari was another talk show which is well-liked because of its interesting theme, engaging format, and treatment.
personal lives , equation with costars ,work will be discussed with fun events.
	Presented by	:Rana Daggubati
	Times of India	:4/5
	User ratings	:8.3/10
RAMUISM
In Ramuism. RGV(Ram Gopal Varma) talks about existing traditions, topics and universally accepted facts in every episode of his series.
Every week he talks about a issue and gives his take on it.
	Presented by	:Swapna Sundari
	IMDB		:8/10
	User ratings	:3.4/10
KOFFEE WITH KARAN
Karan Johar gets up close and personal with various celebrities and discusses their lives ,work and much more.
	writer:Karan Talwar
	presented by:Karan Johar
	IMDb:8/10
	TV.com : 6.1/10
	User ratings:9.1/10
SATYAMEVA JAYATE
A show that takes a very critical topic every week that our society is facing and how , who are getting affected by it. It also invites itellectuals and victims and survivors to talk about their experiences. 
This show manages unearths the human in any soul who is watching it.
	Presented by	:Amair Khan
	Produced by	:Amair Khan , Kiran Rao
	Director	:Satyajit Bhatkal
	IMDB  :9.2/10
	Times of India  :4.5/5
	User ratings  :9.3/10
AAP KI ADAALAT
The host invites various personalities who must defend themselves in light of their recent controversies and against the accusations levied on them by the public.
Open debates specially topics in politics are held in this show with public opinion.
	Presented by	:Rajat Sharma
	Producer(s)	:Independent News Services
	IMDB  :7.5/10
	Mouthshut.com  :4.3/5
	User ratings  :8.6/10
The Ellen DeGeners Show
Actress and comedian Ellen DeGeneres talks to celebrities and interacts with the audience in her own inimitable way, besides witnessing performances by comedic, musical and cinematic personalities.
	writer: Ellen DeGeners ,Lauren Pomerantz ,many more.
	presented by:Ellen DeGeners.
	TV.com : 8.7/10
	Metacritic:7.3/10
	IMDb:9/10
	User ratings:9.6/10
Jimmy Kimmel LIVE
A daily dose of late-night entertainment with comic Jimmy Kimmel in a talk show with offbeat guests, chatty interviews with A-list Hollywood stars and live music performances. 
	writers:Jimmy Kimmel,Sal Locono,Molly McNeamey,many more.
	presented by:Jimmy Kimmel.
	IMDb:6.9/10
	TV.com : 7.6/10
	yelp:4/5
	User ratings:6.5/10
The Ophra Winfrey Show
Popular talk show hosted by Oprah Winfrey where many of its topics penetrate into American pop-cultural consciousness.
	writers:Kevin Michael Burke
	presented by:Ophra Winfrey
	IMDb:5.1/10
	TV.com : 7.7/10
	Comman sense media :4/5
	User ratings:8.8/10














